Maternity leave
According to the section 5 of the Maternity benefit Act 1961, it is woman employee right to claim for maternity leave for 26 weeks for 2. Such woman employee can apply maternity leave just eight weeks before the date of are expected delivery. It is the duty of employer to pay full salary for a woman employee during her maternity leave for 26 weeks. In case of miscarriage or medical termination of pregnancy, a woman is entitled to live with wage or salary for a period of six weeks immediately following that they offer miscarriage or her medical termination of pregnancy .

Top 10 global employees preferences
1.Job security & stability
2.Financial compensation
3.Work appreciation by employer
4.Interesting work
5.Good & healthy relationship with colleagues
6.Good work-life balance
7.Good relationship with superiors
8.Learning & training opportunities
9.Career development
10.Financial stability of employer

Career planning and Career development; process of establishing personal career objectives by employees and acting in a manner intended to bring them about. HR managers should help their employees in knowing their strengths for placing them in suitable job, guide employees what skills and knowledge should be acquired for attaining higher positions, planning for suitable training for polishing existing skill set and providing good work-life-balance to make balance between career and personal life, after all, every one work for their personal life .

Provident fund
It is an employee right that whoever employee draws salary not more than ₹ 15,000, have social security benefit in the form of provident fund. It is the duty of the employee to contribute 12% from his salary towards provident fund and it is it is the duty of employer or an organisation having 20 or more employees, to contribute equally that is 12% of his salary, according to the Employees' Provident fund and miscellaneous provisions act 1952.

According to the present rules, if an employer becomes unemployed for one month, such employee can with the 70% of amount from the provident fund. If an employer becomes unemployed for more than two months such employee can with the total amount from the provident fund.

The Human Resource Manager is  responsible for overseeing human resources activities and policies according to executive level direction. They supervise human resources staff as well as see staffing, compensation , assessing and providing employee benefits, providing training & development, safety & welfare of staff, maintaining healthy labor relations, providing employee handbook and maintaining employment records as required by the employment laws.